Yahoo accounts breached - half a billion accounts were breached lately. To be precise on the 22nd Sept. 2016. 

This is the second massive breach for yahoo after the 2014 attempt where 500 million accounts were hacked albeit Yahoo maintaining near to 
accepted standarts in safe guarding passwords which is Cryptographic hash.

At the time of writing this post, Bob Lord is the CISO of the company.

Peace or Peace of mind is the hacker who could launch a successful attack on Yahoo and is a former member of the Russian Cybercriminal hacking
team. Hacker seems to be selling stolen customer data for 1800$ and the data includes username, passwords, birth dates and other personal
information.
Majority of the passwords that were leaked were cryptographically hashed with the bcrypt hashing scheme which is relatively tough for reversing
and deciphering the actual password.

Tesla S's brakes can be controlled remotely
Chinese Hacker from a tech giant called Tencent has demonstrated that by crafting a malicious payload and by sending it over to the 
car which is connected to a malicious WiFi Hotspot led to taking over control of the car's brakes while the vehicle was a movement.
Other abilities such as controlling the mirrors of the car and opening the trunk of the car could be done as well with the same hacking
sequence or methodology. The details on how it was accomplished is yet to be released by the attacker but the company fixed this zero day
exploit after 10 days and quickly sent out a patch over the air to all the products running similar software.

Attack on Security News website - Reported on Sept 20, 2016
krebsonsecurity.com underwent a severe DDoS attack where it received around 620 Gbps of malicious traffic but was protected as it was
defended by Akamai. But Akamai reported that this was the largest ever DDoS it had seen and withdrew from protecting KrebsonSecurity site
further as it had to use too much of its resources at disposal to protect this site. KrebsonSecurity site will reinstated by this Friday.

Cisco's Product Security Incident Response Team reported that there is a flaw without a fix in the wild for Cisco products that are using
iOS software which is exploited by the ShadowBrokers. The Shadow brokers(TSB) is an unknown threat actor responsible of publication of many
exploit and vulnerabilities.

